[Antora] [PGSQL] Add Configuration section to postgresql doc (#2324)
apache/james-project: docs/modules/servers/partials/configure/opensearch.adoc

== Search overrides

*Search overrides* allow resolution of predefined search queries against alternative sources of data
and allow bypassing OpenSearch. This is useful to handle most resynchronisation queries that

> are simple enough to be resolved against Cassandra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are simple enough to be resolved against {package-tag}.
```
?
